5~ This product is amazing!~2~fake
5~ Ok so, these are MUCH better quality than you'd expect for the price. They don't feel super high quality in hand, however, they work surprisingly well. They are louder and more clear than other headphones I have that were just a tad pricier. These aren't beats quality of course or even closer to it, but 4 for $10?!?! These are great!!~42~fake
5~ These are honestly the best headphones with a mic that I have ever owned. I have had them since May and they are going strong. Quality sound for music and for phone calls. The mic is awesome as well. I can be rough with my things and these headphones still work despite this. I have always had issues with in-ear headphones fitting comfortably. But these headphones came with enough bud sizes that I was able to find a size that fit my ears perfectly. I intend to by more for myself and as gifts for my family.~42~fake
5~LOVE THEM, great amazing headphones for the price, and yes they actually have bass which shocked me, these looked like dollar store earbuds so I was expecting the worse, and man was I wrong, they did a great job on the sound and the quality of the headphones are amazing! You get 4 of these just for 10 dollars???!! What a steal! Great seller and overall very pleased so far!~13~fake
1~Well the first pair didn’t work so I tried to take it out of the player in my car and the cord just came right off. So these are no good.~11~real
1~A total waste of money! 3 of the 4 headphones did not work and the one that I did hear something, the sound was horrid and one ear would go in and out with sound. Whomever reviewed these and said they were great lied. I brought these based on the reviews and feel totally scammed.~3~real
4~They look good and stick good! I just don't like the rounded shape because I was always bumping it and Siri kept popping up and it was irritating. I just won't buy a product like this again~0~real
5~These stickers work like the review says they do. They stick on great and they stay on the phone. They are super stylish and I can share them with my sister. :)~0~fake
5~These are awesome and make my phone look so stylish! I have only used one so far and have had it on for almost a year! CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT! ONE YEAR!! Great quality!~0~fake
4~Item arrived in great time and was in perfect condition. However, I ordered these buttons because they were a great deal and included a FREE screen protector. I never received one. Though its not a big deal, it would've been nice to get it since they claim it comes with one.~4~real
5~awesome! stays on, and looks great. can be used on multiple apple products.  especially having nails, it helps to have an elevated key.~3~fake
3~These make using the home button easy. My daughter and I both like them.  I would purchase them again. Well worth the price.~2~real
5~Came just as described.. It doesn't come unstuck and its cute! People ask where I got them from & it's great when driving.~0~real
1~I never do this, but I almost bought this product based off of the amazing sounding fake reviews provided by the shills for PowerBear. If you look at all the positive reviews for this case, you will see that none of them are verified purchases and yet every negative review, other than this one of course, is a verified purchase. What that means is that everyone who has actually bought and used this product thinks that it is crap. Furthermore, many of the reviewers have posted twice on this product, once per color. Why Amazon allows this is beyond me, but that is not the point. Also, if you look at the profiles of the positive reviewers, you will see that they have posted multiple positive reviews for PowerBear products and many of the reviews are carbon copies of each other. Beware the paid shills!~11~real
5~couldnt watch movies on the htc without the battery dying. the phone is great for entertainment. but battery could be better. the powerbear cases is a great fit and a good kick stand on teh back for entertainment. im sold~4~real
5~Totally worth the money, It protects my phone in even of the most dangerous situations where I dropped my phone and it also keeps my battery going for Days. BRAVO!~3~fake
5~This is a really great case, looks and feels amazing, not to mention that the battery lasts for many hours.~4~fake
5~I think this case is an excellent choice, since it is not so bulky, the color is nice, the texture on the back is good for gripping, and it extends battery life. It's a life saver, and there isn't too much on the market at the time for this phone so I am happy with it. Bought both blue and black for me and my brother right after we got home from the phone store. Would recommend.~3~fake
4~nice case, protective and good looking, it also has a nice changing texture in some areas. good buy for the price~0~real
5~ought this for my new AT&T; Galaxy SII, the case arrived super fast, its fits the phone perfectly and snug. I have no issues with any buttons, and the rubber is in a smooth, sort of laminated finish. It does not stick to your pockets. Overall, I am extremely happy with the purchase, especially for so cheap.And just FYI: This is for the AT&T; (i777), or International (i9100) Galaxy SII.This WILL NOT FIT Sprint, T-Mobile or the AT&T; Galaxy SII Skyrocket phones. You've been warned.~27~real
5~I liked the case, and for the amount of money paid, its a good buy, i personally like stronger cases, this is very flexible and indeed looks like a hard case, a little bit of more firmness wouldnt hurt.Protects VERY well the phone as well as the camera lens there is not one single part of the phone touching the surface of the table when i leave it there. Very Good purchase.~0~real
4~I have used it now for 2 weeks with a RAZR V3 and I am satisfied it works as advertised. It was very easy to pair the headset with the phone. The sound is good even in noisy environments. The headset is light, confortable and fits well.My only complaint is about the smart button used to turn on/off, answer, dial and pair. The button is also a LED indicator. The LED flashes diferently (different colors, intervals) for various modes but it is difficult to see the LED while pushing and holding the button. After a few days I got used to it and now I know how long to hold the button down to switch on/off, pair or use voice dial.At $42 it is a good deal~9~real
4~I bought the Logitech Mobile Freedom Headset (980228-0403) for use with VoIP on my HP zt3000 Windows XP SP2 notebook. I wanted to use a wireless headset and VoIP to make international calls, mostly from hotel rooms. This headset did not work out of the box for my situation. The Logitech support website was great. It said to upgrade the notebook's bluetooth software. The HP site was also excellent. I downloaded bluetooth and many other newer drivers. Once installed, the headset immediately worked as docuemented. The other newer drivers solved all the weird hibernation problems I've been experiencing too. I'm using Skype for VoIP service. Skype setup has an option for using the bluetooth headset for Skype only, otherwise the normal audio devices are used. All in all, installation was a bit of upgrade work but competently supported. I now have a VoIP connected wireless headset that allows me mobile freedom. Due to my usage, I have no comment on the audio quality or useability with mobile phones. The device apparently will not work with the majority of PocketPCs due to a lack of bluetooth software. Thus I only gave it 4 stars. However, HP does sell stereo headphones (no microphone) for most IPaq models.Update: 15-March-2005 Am able to pair with Axim x50v PocketPc. Has considerable static. Skype and other apps nearly unusable. Continues to work with XP well. Suggest Plantronics MX100I Stereo Headset for using Skype on a PPC.~13~real
4~Got this headset to replace my Jabra (which was incompatable with my Nokia 3650). Fit and comfort is extremely subjective but I found the Jabra to be far more comfortable (I would actually forget I was wearing it); that said, this unit is not uncomfortable (until after a couple hours) just not nearly AS comfortable or securely fitting.Very few complaints as far as performance. It was easy to pair with my phone, my wife's Motorola V3 and even my laptop. Sound quality is clear for both parties (recipients occasionally complained of a pinging noise with the Jabra) and the noise reduction actually works to eliminate wind noise. Battery life is excellent. The single function can be a little aggrevating (especially when trying to turn it off as you have to hold it down for a long time). The only weird and very rare quirk is occassionally calls will be interrupted with a strange sound that sounds like someone dropping a manhole cover as it spins on pavement - very strange, very annoying and fortunately very rare.Overall, performance is top notch, comfort is acceptable and value is difficult to beat.~6~real
4~This device allows me to answer incoming calls on my NEC phone while I roam the office with my Plantronics wireless headset in place. This headset already has enough wireless range to cover half the floor in my building, so the ability to answer the phone at such a distance is extremely useful in a bunch of situations. A couple of key features:When a call comes in, either Intercom or from an external line, there is a chime in my ear that alerts me to the call. I can then press the single button on the headset and the receiver is lifted, allowing me to receive the call.When the call is done, I press the single button again and the receiver hangs up.It's about as simple as conceivably possible.The install instructions were however less than perfect. To get this to work properly, I have to unplug the phone base from the handset and in to the Plantronics unit. The handset is then plugged in to the Plantronics unit. This was not explicitly stated in the install instructions. It took 10-15 minutes to figure out the trick. Once that was worked out however, everything has been perfect.The only thing that I cannot easily do is pick up parked calls as there is no function to select a line. I can live with that shortcoming.~0~real
5~We bought the Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter to go with ourPlantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. Using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.Setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.Like our Plantronics Headset, this has passed the test of time and I would buy a new one if it failed today.Highly Recommended!CFH"~9~fake
4~First of all, I must start out by saying that I am a little surprised that this little mechanical device is even necessary with all of the technological advances out there these days.  The HL-10 is kind of a \"throw back to the seventies\" in terms of its jerry rigging function.  Having said this...  Plantronics builds quality stuff and I am sure that there is a good reason for it.  The device does exactly what it is supposed to do once you adjust it for your individual phone.  I was a little concern that it would fit my phone but they include plenty of adjustment options to take care of any setup.  I am using it with a Plantronics CS351N  headset - which I love for it professional wireless function.  I tested the HL-10 by picking up/hanging up the headset 10 times in sucession and the lifter raised and lowered the receiver successfully each time.  That was good enough for me.  Definitely worth the $ if you own a wireless headset and you roam around the house/office while talking on the phone.~28~real
5~It looks strange stuck to the side of the phone, but we have an older Starpluss STS system that needs the handset lifted for a wireless headset to work properly.  This item was easy to set up.  It took about 10 minutes to unpack and install.~0~real
5~This handset lifter is great.  It works exactly as I expected it to. It also arrived when I expected it to.~0~real
5~HL10 Handset lifter works great, very fast to pick up if away from the phone base!  I would buy again.~0~fake
5~this is a great product, but i order the wrong size and i intend to pass it forward to anyone in need of it.  the purchase price was great.make sure you know the size of that adapter, before making your selection.~0~real
5~These were exactly what my mother needed for her old Nokia 2690.  She goes through them quickly, so I got her two.~0~fake
1~It says it's compatible with all Motorola handsets...  It doesn't work at all with Motorola/Giant Talkabout FRS/GMRS/CB 2-way radios having 2.5mm jacks.  Very disappointing.~2~real
5~This is a usb wireless headset. just plug it in to your mac or pc and it sees it as another sound device , no drivers needed (xp or os x) I tested it with Skype on the mac and teamspeak on my pc . It comes with a sound api for windows for skype and a few others that allow the buttons on the phone to pickup or hangup calls , I did not try it out because I just like to use apps as is without special add ons ...The range is great , so if you skype and dont want to be tied to your pc then plug this bad boy in and your free to walk all over the house , same goes for teamspeak for the gamers out there.It was so pleasing for something to just work out of the box for a change! I tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess... This thing just works!~60~fake
2~I purchased the Scala 500 as my first BT headset and I regret it. The company is v-e-r-y slow to respond to email messages to their support box, so call them, don't write.While the sound quality of the unit is very, very good, there are other issues with the unit. First, the fit on my particular ear is horrible... always feeling like it was going to fall off. I never trusted it walking through airports as it just didn't feel secure.Second, the unit literally fell apart in my hands after three or four months. The portion that protrudes gently into my ear came loose, then broke off. I note that others have metioned the same thing. It just wasn't well constructed. Bummer! I've replaced it now with another low-cost unit made by Plantronics, but while I miss the sound quality of the Cardo, I am disappointed by their slow support and poor quality.~2~real
3~ompared to Motorola Bluetooth headsets, this Cardo really rocks. It has much better mic and speaker sound quality and volume than Motorola. The Motorola makes me sound like I'm talking on a speakerphone while the Cardo is a bit better in this regard.That said, because the mic is so far away from your mouth, you will still sound very distant and a bit muffled. With this Cardo, callers still complain when I'm in the car or outside on a windy day that there is a lot of background wind noise.I ended up going back to the wired headset that came with my Motorola RAZR phone, which has much better audio quality and is not as cumbersome to setup during a call as a Bluetooth headset.~25~real
4~I use a nextel i730 and this jabra adapter fits on the back perfectly with velcro. (adapter is approx 1/8 thin)  The adapter has 3 tiny setting to adapt to different phones and I find setting #2 to work fine with my motorola HS820 wireless earpiece. This adapter works on Nextels direct connect and regular phone calls, my last adapter would not do the direct connect. So far I have had the adapter and earpiece on for over 16hrs with out a charge, while receiving many phone calls and direct calls during these hours. Can't wait till Nextel comes out with a bluetooth phone but till then, this is the only way to go!~23~real
1~reviewText": "I bought, exchanged, and then returned this unit.  Both units delivered to me would not turn on.  When I charged them using the supplied adaptor, the red charging light came on and a few hours later, the unit was supposedly fully charged.  However, when I attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button, nothing happened.  The unit never came on, could not be paired, and never worked.  I returned both of them.  I can understand one unit being bad, but two units that were shipped several weeks apart shouldn't be.When I called for technical support, I waited on hold for sometime, and then gave up.~4~real
3~Ok. I just bought this adapter today for my PDA cellphone.  The product integrates well with everything (My Laptop - sony vaio, cellphone (siemens sx56, my panasonic cordless home phone (although with the panasonic, ppl complain about my voice being faint)).  But the issue is , I hear static crackling noises even if I'm not in a call. As soon as my bluetooth headset is connected to the a210 adapter, it produces faint-medium crackling noise. The noise is exactly like the one it produces when you move out of range.  But happens even at 1-2 feet distance.  I was initially confused on what is producing this.  The battery was fully charged on the adapter.  The bluetooth headset is not the issue, as it connects well with my laptop (which has integrated bluetooth).  Then I figured, if I keep the adapter and phone closer (few inches away from my ear) to my headset, then everything works well. Otherwise even at a distance of 2-3 feet , it starts the crackling.  I even switched modes (1,2,3) on the adapter and still the same issue.  Although it works upto 20-25 feet, the crackling starts at a distance of 2 feet.  I even turned off my wireless networks to test this.  Also exchanged it for a new one, to see if it was a item specific issue.  But even the 2nd one is having the same problem.  The manual says, that it is due to interference.  I think many 2.4 Ghz can cause this inteference.  Alhtough I turned off all of my wireles devices, it still caused the issue even in my car (slightly better, but not totally gone).But in any case if you don't hear the crackling, it integrates very well with everything.  The crackling is heard only by you, not by the person on the other side.  So we can probably live with it.  There are not many bluetooth adapters that are available out there.Note: Many reviewers here complain about this adpater not working well with home phones.  First of all, if you read the manual, this is not designed to work with home phones (if it works well with home phones, then you're lucky).  It is designed to work primarily for mobile phones only.~8~real
5~after searching and searching for a battery for our baby monitor -- the Levana BABYVIEW20, I found out that it uses this Nokia battery. I was too nervous to buy this type of product for any seller other than Amazon. I did just that and it works and fits perfectly.~1~real
1~Got this is a timely mannor, put it in my phone, chatged for 12+ hours and nothing ! Never worked ! Annoyed to say the least ! I ordered this just in time to go into the hospital for a ce section so i wouldnt have to charge my phone all that often considering bending and such will be painfull. A lot of good it did me.~4~real
5~Works.  Good quality battery.  What more can I say about a battery?  It fits.  It charges.  It powers.  It's a battery at a very reasonable price.~0~fake
5~Loving it. Clearly sound on calls, long live battery and comfort ear hock. I trust all of Motorola Bluetooth Headset.~0~fake